[libc++] Add details about string annotations (#80912)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/18.rst

  ``-DLIBCXX_INSTALL_MODULE_DIR=<path>``. The default location is
  ``${PREFIX}/share/libc++/v1``.

> - AddressSanitizer annotations have been added to ``std::basic_string``
>   external buffers (long strings only).
>   Enabled with all allocators by default.

Reviewer: The release notes should be readable sentences and not bullet points. I would suggest something along the lines of. Feel free to correct this text when my changes make it incorrect.
```suggestion
- AddressSanitizer annotations have been added to ``std::basic_string``.
  These annotations are enabled for all allocators by default.
  It's only enable for long string, string using the small buffer optimization are not annotated.
```

  ``${PREFIX}/share/libc++/v1``.

- AddressSanitizer annotations have been added to ``std::basic_string``.
  These annotations are enabled for all allocators by default.

>   It's only enable for long string, string using the small buffer optimization are not annotated.

Author: ```suggestion
  It's only enabled for long strings, strings using the small buffer optimization are not annotated.
```
